com/app/nytimes/databinding/ArticleDetailsSheetBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ArticleDetailsSheetBindingImpl
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutNoConnectionBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutNoConnectionBindingImpl
com/app/nytimes/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.app.nytimes.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutErrorBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutErrorBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutNoConnectionBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutNoConnectionBinding
com/app/nytimes/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.app.nytimes.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.app.nytimes.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/app/nytimes/ui/home/HomeFragmentDirections.java
 com.app.nytimes.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections
 com.app.nytimes.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$1
 com.app.nytimes.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionHomeFragmentToArticleDetailsFragmnet
com/app/nytimes/ui/home/ArticleDetailsSheetArgs.java
 com.app.nytimes.ui.home.ArticleDetailsSheetArgs
 com.app.nytimes.ui.home.ArticleDetailsSheetArgs$1
 com.app.nytimes.ui.home.ArticleDetailsSheetArgs$Builder
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutSuccessBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutSuccessBinding
com/app/nytimes/databinding/RateItemBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.RateItemBinding
com/app/nytimes/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/app/nytimes/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ToolbarBinding
com/app/nytimes/BR.java
 com.app.nytimes.BR
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutSuccessBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutSuccessBindingImpl
com/app/nytimes/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/app/nytimes/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.nytimes.BuildConfig
com/app/nytimes/databinding/FragmentSplashBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.FragmentSplashBindingImpl
com/app/nytimes/databinding/FragmentSplashBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.FragmentSplashBinding
com/app/nytimes/ui/splash/SplashFragmentDirections.java
 com.app.nytimes.ui.splash.SplashFragmentDirections
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutErrorBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutErrorBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/app/nytimes/databinding/ArticleDetailsSheetBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ArticleDetailsSheetBinding
com/app/nytimes/databinding/ItemArticleBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ItemArticleBinding
com/app/nytimes/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.app.nytimes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.app.nytimes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/app/nytimes/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/app/nytimes/databinding/LayoutLoaderBinding.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.LayoutLoaderBinding
com/app/nytimes/databinding/ItemArticleBindingImpl.java
 com.app.nytimes.databinding.ItemArticleBindingImpl
